c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\bin\Debug\MCQuiz.exe.config
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\bin\Debug\MCQuiz.exe
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\bin\Debug\MCQuiz.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz.g.resources
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz.exe
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\MCQuiz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\StartForm.g.cs
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\StartForm.baml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\ConfigurationForm.g.cs
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\ConfigurationForm.baml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\QuestionForm .g.cs
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\QuestionForm .baml
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\EvaluationForm .g.cs
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MCQuiz\MCQuiz\obj\Debug\EvaluationForm .baml
